feat(curriculum): add javascript trivia bot lab to cert (#56164)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/lab-javascript-trivia-bot/66ed41f912d0bb1dc62da5dd.md

1. You should use string concatenation to log `"My favorite programming language is (favoriteLanguage)."` to the console.
1. You should use `let` to create a `codingFact` variable and assign it a string that is a fun fact about your bot's favorite coding language and uses string concatenation to include the use of the `favoriteLanguage` variable.
1. You should log the `codingFact` to the console.
1. You should reassign the `codingFact` variable to a new fact about the bot's favorite language using the `favoriteLanguage` variable again.
1. You should log the `codingFact` to the console again.
1. You should reassign the `codingFact` variable again to another new fact about the bot's favorite language using the `favoriteLanguage` variable.
1. You should log the `codingFact` to the console a third time.
1. You should log `"It was fun sharing these facts with you. Goodbye! - (botName) from (botLocation)."` to the console as a farewell statement from the bot.

# --hints--

You should log `"Hello! I'm your coding fun fact guide!"` to the console.

```js
assert.equal(output[0], "Hello! I'm your coding fun fact guide!")
```

> You should create a `botName` variable and give it a value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should declare a `botName` variable and give it a value.
```

```js
assert.exists(botName);
assert.isString(botName);
```

> You should create a `botLocation` variable and give it a value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should declare a `botLocation` variable and give it a value.
```

```js
assert.exists(botLocation);
assert.isString(botLocation);
```

> You should create a  `favoriteLanguage` variable and give it a value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should declare a `favoriteLanguage` variable and give it a value.
```

```js
assert.exists(favoriteLanguage);
assert.isString(favoriteLanguage);
```

You should log to the console `"My name is (botName) and I live on (botLocation)."` using concatenation to add the variables to the string.

```js
const codeWithoutComments = __helpers.removeJSComments(code);
assert.equal(output[1], `My name is ${botName} and I live on ${botLocation}.`)
assert.match(codeWithoutComments, /is ("|')\s*\+\s*botName\s*\+\s*("|') and I live on \2\s*\+\s*botLocation\s*\+\s*('|")\./)
```

You should log to the console `"My favorite programming language is (favoriteLanguage)."` using concatenation to add the variable to the string.

```js
const codeWithoutComments = __helpers.removeJSComments(code);
assert.equal(output[2], `My favorite programming language is ${favoriteLanguage}.`)
assert.match(codeWithoutComments, /language is ('|")\s*\+\s*favoriteLanguage\s*\+\s*('|")\./);
```

> You should create a new variable `codingFact` with `let`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should use `let` to declare a new variable `codingFact`.
```

```js
const codeWithoutComments = __helpers.removeJSComments(code);
const [first, second, third] = codeWithoutComments.match(/(let )?\s*codingFact\s*=\s*("|').+?\2\s*\+\s*favoriteLanguage/g)
assert.match(code, /let\s+codingFact/)
assert.include(first, 'let');
assert.exists(first);
```

> You should give a value to `codingFact` that includes `favoriteLanguage` using concatenation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should give `codingFact` a value  that includes `favoriteLanguage` using concatenation.
```
